Well, good evening, family, and good morning to some.
Thank you for joining us again tonight.
Well, we're going to pray tonight, and I won't take a lot of your time.
I tried last night not to, but I told you, if I don't feel the Holy Spirit and the presence of the Lord on a video, and it's flat like it was last night, that was embarrassing.
It was like tilling soil that was so dry.
I told Diana after it was over, I said, "I don't know what that was, but that was not the Lord.
" I could feel it, and I was pulling with everything I had, but there was no flow.
You know what, it just shows how human I really am.
I guess you know this is about Jesus.
This isn't about Brandon.
And I've always told you, if I don't feel the glory and I don't feel the anointing, we're just going to end it right there.
I prayed for an hour, and I pulled the video because there was no fruit.
I didn't want you to waste your time watching it.
So I told D, I said, "You know what, it just shows...
I wanted you all to see it.
" It just shows how human we are.
People go, "Well, Brandon, it's this and that.
" I'm telling you, we're just human.
We've got stuff we're pulling through just like you all are.
And it's amazing.
I think sometimes even with that going on a live, and there were 20,000 people on there, I told her, I said, "Boy, it sure strips your flesh.
" So, all glory to Jesus.
This is always about Jesus.
As we were praying last night, Diana and I, she said, "Brandon, I feel we need to read this book.
" And we stayed up until the wee hours of the morning.
She read to me for hours last night and went over God's Generals.
I bought this myself.
It's just a book that stood out to me.
Yeah.
God's Generals: Why They Succeed and Why Some Fail.
And it was because of that right there: why some fail.
What does that mean?
She started reading, and we were reading it.
Like I said, it was in the morning.
The sun started coming up.
And I said, "I can't get enough.
I want you to keep reading.
" She goes, "Brandon, I'm so tired.
" I said, "I want you to keep reading.
This is really helping me, going over the generals, the people that we respect, the drama in their life.
" It really goes over some of the things that, you know, if they said that about us, it would be kind of embarrassing.
But it just shows real authentic mistakes they made and their successes.
It's not just the highlights; it shows their story.
What I liked about it is that it's 12 people in one book.
You get the CliffsNotes version; it's condensed from their birth to when they went home to be with Jesus.
It shows it all.
Yeah, that's essential oil.
This is essential oils.
So, to let you all know, this is a peppermint stick, and I've still been coughing.
I don't want to cough on the mic.
It's salt and peppermint.
It's a breathe-easy thing.
It's actually really good.
It helps me a lot.
I really appreciate it.
Diana found that and she said, "Brandon, I think this will be good for you.
" She got it on Amazon so I can breathe it in, and it's full of peppermint and salts.
So, I don't know, it seems to help.
So we went over John G.
Lake and some of what he did.
Every single one of these ministers went home—a lot of them that we read about last night went home before they were 70 years old.
Tragically.
But it was amazing to see the struggles and the things that they went through.
If most of us went through it, we would quit.
John G.
Lake's wife died, and he had seven kids, and he kept going in ministry.
He had seven children first, and then he got remarried later on, but he lost his wife.
She starved to death from malnutrition.
And it's just the stories of these generals of old.
You go, "Whoa.
Yeah.
Whoa.
" They walked with God mightily.
So much so that they would change Portland, Oregon.
He talked about having a little hospital there where they prayed for the sick.
They didn't practice modern medicine at all.
They just prayed for the sick, and they got so many people healed by the power of God.
Over 100,000 documented miracles.
Some of them were so severe; they had the dead raised.
So we went through John G.
Lake's life and all the things that he did with the bubonic plague, putting it in his hand and the virus burning up in the middle of his hand.
They said that he put his hand on a woman that had a tumor, and the fire of God went out so intensely that his hand imprinted inside of that tumor and melted it from the radiation of the glory of God.
And I was just like, "Oh my gosh, these stories.
" I told Diana.
But then it told how tragically they went home, the challenges.
I wanted to go over what Smith Wigglesworth said.
Smith Wigglesworth—if anybody doesn't know about that man, he was a man that walked with God, too.
Smith Wigglesworth was a mighty man of God, and he lived for 87 years.
But the moment he realized that people were looking at him as the glory source, he said...
Read one comment, love.
Okay, read it as loud as you can because your voice is...
It says he was saddened in the last month of his life as he commented, "Today in my mail, I had an invitation to Australia, one to India and Ceylon, and one to America.
People have their eyes on me.
" Sadly, he began to weep.
"Poor Wigglesworth, what a failure to think that people have their eyes on me.
God will never share his glory with another.
He will take me from the scene.
" And then seven days later, he went home.
It goes to tell the story.
He said, "Sadly, they have their eyes on me.
" And the moment people start giving man the glory, God will not share his glory with anyone.
As she read this book, this is exactly what the Lord has been dealing with us privately about.
Things about the glory, things about the next level, things about what's about to happen in this earth that you've never seen before.
Remember how many times I have told you all that if you take the glory from the Father...
We have this treasure in earthen vessels, that the excellency of the power will be of Him and not of us.
We have a treasure, and we have to do like Kathryn always says, Billy Burke always...
all the people that we look up to say, "Listen, you attract to deflect.
" How many times have we talked about attracting to deflect the glory?
And the Lord said, what's about to happen in this earth, what you're about to see, ladies and gentlemen, what the body of Christ is about to walk in, no man will get the glory for what's about to happen.
It will always be about Him.
This channel shows, even last night with how terrible that prayer session was, that it's not about Brandon.
I can't do this.
This is all about Him.
Last night really showed me.
Brandon even went off thinking, "Well, Lord, are you going to show up?
" He's like, "You don't understand.
I don't need you.
You need me.
I don't need you, Brandon.
You need me at all times.
" No matter how big you think—well, there's 20,000 people here, surely the Lord's going to show up and I'm going to feel his presence—when I'm praying, it was dry.
I thought, man, because I used to do videos like this with D, and we would do take after take after take.
But we've noticed whenever we do the lives, I can feel the glory of the Holy Spirit come in this room.
But for the first time ever last night, I was doing that, and it was like walking in cotton.
It was bad.
I could see Braden on the other side, and his eyes were as big as saucers.
He was like, "Daddy," because he knows when the anointing's in the room, you can feel the glory come in.
But it was not there.
He was looking at me, and I was looking at him, and I could see him on the other side.
He was gesturing like that, and I was like, "Yeah, that's exactly it.
" But I was like, "Well, you keep treading water here; maybe He'll show up.
" And that's why I said, "We're ending this thing.
" Because this isn't a Brandon show.
This isn't a Diana show, and I want you all to know that.
Even last night proved it.
We have a treasure in an earthen vessel, that the excellency of the power is of Him and not of us.
And that's what He tried to tell me all last week.
He keeps telling me, "Brandon, the anointing is about to increase.
The anointing is about to increase on the church.
You're about to see something that you've never seen before.
It's time to expect God to show up and show off in your life.
" And that's what He told me.
He said, "Brandon, I don't need you.
You need Me.
Let's make that clear.
The glory isn't about you; it's about Me.
You and the visions and the things I show you are to bring forth to the people, to bring pinpoint target prayers.
" But ladies and gentlemen, He can use any one of you.
The moment you ever think, "Well, it's about me, and boy, the gifts are on me, and boy, I can come on here and we'll just make it happen, Captain," the Lord says, "Well, the switch ain't on, brother.
What are you going to do now?
" And that's what I told her.
I said, "Well, close it down.
" That's what I did.
Because the moment I told you, I said, "If the glory is not there, it isn't about me.
" And that's why I always make sure I check myself.
And that's what it was about last night.
But as we read this book about the generals of faith, God's generals, and how they failed, every single one of them went home early.
They didn't take care of their temples.
They either had problems with something, but they went home early.
And going home before seventy years old is tragic, in my opinion.
That's way too young.
Some of them were fifty-five.
One was thirty-eight years old.
Jack Coe was thirty-eight years old.
He died of obesity, polio, exhaustion, and eating bad.
And he had so many documented miracles.
His tent was full.
Thirty thousand people were getting saved at a time in a tent.
But he followed the voice of God, and people were getting touched radically by this man's ministry.
Oh my goodness, his story!
He went through hard times.
His daddy was a gambler, and he was dropped off at an orphanage, living there for eight years after his mother just abandoned him.
He lived through a lot.
And then, I didn't know that he started his own orphanage later on in his ministry, which was amazing.
They had two hundred children at one time, and they taught them about the Lord, took them to church, and raised them up right with the baptism of the Holy Ghost.
Amazing.
Brother Hagin gave him a word that most people didn't know about and talked about walking.
What did I tell you is one of the major things the Lord said?
He said how you treat the brethren, walking in love.
It's one of the major pillars in ministry: how do you treat your brethren and walk in love with your fellow brethren?
And that's what brother Hagin talked about.
But even whenever he was talking about the glory gold dust on his hands, and it came on the meetings, Jack Coe even said the glory would come on...
I don't remember.
There are so many we read about last time, I don't remember which one it was.
Somebody was talking about the glory dust.
A.
Allen?
I don't remember.
Was it AA Allen?
It was one of them.
One of them was talking about the glory dust coming on their hands, and R.
W.
Schambach was with them, and it was AA Allen.
And they didn't ever want to talk about it because they didn't want to give the glory to themselves.
It was always to deflect the glory to the Lord.
It came on everybody but him.
Oh, that's what it was.
Everybody in the meeting got it other than him because it deflected the glory.
A.
Allen was the only one that didn't experience it, but everybody else in the congregation experienced it.
That was with that one.
But brother Hagin was talking about it last night on another sermon we were listening to.
He said, "The oil and the glory came out of my hands, but I never talked about it because it was bringing attention to me.
" He was always so careful to always give God all the praise.
So, where I'm going with all this—there's a reason I'm saying all this.
We are in a time where the Lord said to us that we're about to see and experience the supernatural, that walking in the supernatural will be as easy as taking a breath.
Walking in the supernatural will be as easy as a bird flying in the air or a fish swimming in the water.
We would experience the outpouring of the former and the latter rain together, and we're about to see the greatest creative miracle-working power and financial outpouring that we've ever seen before.
And it's time to start to believe Him for your supernatural and an expiration date for what you've been believing for.
It's time to believe Him for big.
As we crossed over into the twenty-third, the Lord told us, "This is the point of no return.
" And we can feel it.
I said, "It's tangible, Diana.
It's tangible every day until last night.
" And I said, "Whoa, well, okay.
" But as we are driving around, experiencing and praying over our city, praying over our family, doing all that we do, we just know that we're on the verge of something major—something major, something biblical is about to happen to you, something big.
It's time to believe Him for big—for your marriages, for your children, for creative miracles, for all.
He even told me, "Brandon, are you believing for big?
" He keeps challenging me.
But He even said to us, "Brandon, remember, stay small in your own eyes.
" As this ministry grows, as all these things happen, watch what God is about to do, ladies and gentlemen.
And as we prayed, He even brought it up.
He said, "Do you understand the power of prayer as it was for one man?
Abraham stood in the gap for Lot and his family.
One man.
It didn't take an army of people.
One man; God used one man.
And he's standing in the gap saying, "Hey, will you spare Sodom and Gomorrah for fifty?
" And God is like, "You know what?
Sure, whatever.
" "Well, what if you do it for a little bit less?
" And it was Lot and his family, that was all there, but he was interceding.
And God sent His angels to go and get his family out of there and say, "Listen, you better get out of here quick, boy.
This whole thing is going to get burned up.
" But God, who is rich in mercy...
And even in the midst, his wife turns back and looks at it.
He said, "Don't look back," and she turned back into a pillar of salt.
But my point is, what I'm trying to tell you all, is that as we are praying—how all of us together, not just Brandon, but as a family—He said, "I've joined My elites on this channel, Brandon.
I've put My best—My great prayer warriors are coming, and they're assembling together on this channel.
And when you pray together on a live stream, you're changing things.
" So, here we saw...
I told you, I said, "I see a major volcano going off.
I've seen major hurricanes coming and messing up Miami.
" He even gave me a date, and I went over that again.
He said, "Brandon, it'll be toward the end of September.
You're going to see major hurricanes, and one will try to hit Miami, and it will be major—the destruction will be as great as Katrina: that much flooding, that much devastation, like it's parking and just dumping the water in it.
" I saw people swimming in the streets.
I saw great devastation.
But as we prayed and I brought it to you, the Lord said, "Don't you realize you have power and authority as believers?
We have another category five.
" I told you it went right up beside it and pulled that hurricane out over and off of Florida.
I told the Lord, "My goodness, Lord, as we bring these things, as we see, as we hear, as we know that He's telling us these things—some of it is warnings to prepare, but a lot of it is to pray to stop things.
" So, this is where I'm going next.
We told you all about the terrorist attacks, praying over things, and about them communicating secretly.
That was all uncovered in New York City with 100,000 SIM cards.
But we have these dear brothers and sisters praying in South Korea for America.
Yes.
Tell them about it, babe.
I got an email from someone in South Korea, and they said they talk up real loud.
They said, "I'm praying together with you and your channel, and I send a greeting from South Korea with gratitude and the love of Jesus.
" They said they saw the video encouraging us to pray for a terrorist attack not to occur in the ten cities in the US, including New York, and they listed all of them.
So, from that week before to the week after, 30 people from the church that I belong to joined in a relay fasting prayer, and the Lord gave them visions in their church.
They were singing in the Spirit, praying for us and our country, and they were saying thank you.
Then they said they were encouraged when they saw it in the news that the Secret Service had found all that they were praying over for us over in South Korea.
And so they said, "And thank you for praying.
Although we don't live in the US, we take the prayer requests seriously, and we want to let you know that we are praying together diligently.
" And they fasted.
Yeah, they fasted with 30 people.
They did a relay fasting, and they were all fasting together for this, knowing that God answers, and that others praying with us brings us great joy and courage.
So, he was writing on behalf of his whole church, saying that they saw the short we posted saying we're praying that China won't take over Korea and Taiwan, and that prayer can stop this.
It brought tears to their eyes, and they were saying they're excited that we're praying for them and that they're praying with us.
They said, "We pray together, sharing that the peace of America is linked to the peace of Israel, Korea, and the world, and I earnestly pray that God will watch over us all, our families, and everybody.
" It's just amazing that 30 people would assemble like that, praying and believing God, and they're having visions.
The Lord is showing them in the Spirit about more attacks and about praying over Washington, D.
C.
They're seeing very detailed things by the Spirit of God, interceding for our country.
Yes.
And it's just such a blessing when they fast together, 30 of them, all South Korean people.
I just thought, "What a blessing!
" But all of His people joining up and praying from all over the world, we're in unity, and there's so much power.
We're making such an impact with that; it's all hands on deck.
Yes, yes.
Like you said, just giving all glory to Jesus, because I see the effects of prayer.
We see it.
We had that 5.
9 earthquake outside of Oregon's coastline two or three days ago.
And you know, that's a pretty good-sized one, but I've told you I've seen one bigger.
I've seen one that is going to be quite devastating with a volcano going off.
We see these things, with a major shaking in British Columbia, and the Lord showed us that there would be over 30,000 people perish that day whenever we were praying into that.
So, we see this.
Braden, did you show them?
Braden always has all kinds of really cool clips; he studies things.
He's amazing.
Yeah, so thankful for Braden; he's such a gift and helps us out.
I'm not tech-savvy at all, as you can tell, but I'm telling you Braden is good at stuff.
We're blessed to have him.
Yeah.
So, that earthquake happened, a 5.
9 earthquake happened right outside, just where I told you it would.
It happened exactly like the Lord said, but it's not the big one yet.
It's happening right there in that spot.
That's not a coincidence.
This is a warning—major warnings.
I want you to go, Braden, to what was said about what I told you.
Remember, I told you all Canada was about to have great persecution on the church and on what we would consider our First Amendment rights here in America to be able to say what we want to say.
But I said, as the olive press on the people, you're going to see an olive press—an olive press that would press upon the olives.
And I said, in the days ahead, your freedoms will be challenged in Canada.
Well, this came out today, and I want you to see what Canada's government is saying about gun laws.
First, they have to disarm you.
And remember what I told you?
I said they're coming after the Second Amendment in America eventually.
This is what's going to happen.
I saw a plan for mass shootings and mass chaos, and these things about churches, about a major shaking in the church, and here we have this going to take place in Canada.
Now, they have from October of this year to October of 2026, and listen to what they say.
Can you play that video, baby?
This is what happened today: "Why are you saying it's voluntary?
How is this program voluntary, but after the amnesty ends, people are not in compliance with the law?
So, how is this truly voluntary?
" "So, Canadians starting in Cape Breton today will be able to enroll in the program, be able to get compensated if they were to turn their firearm in, or they will be able to get compensation if they deactivate and confirm that it's deactivated with a deactivation certificate.
So, it is strictly voluntary.
Nobody is being forced to undertake the buyback program for 10 years.
" "Well, the expectation is that they will comply.
And the order in council, as you know, is being extended from this October to October of 2026.
So, there is a one-year window.
Our expectation is that law-abiding citizens will abide by the law, and beyond that, the police with jurisdiction are tasked to implement the criminal code.
" "If Canada is a rule of law, why did you offer to pay someone the difference in compensation and bail them out of jail?
You're a minister.
Why'd you say that?
" "Let's maybe put this in context.
" So, the bottom line is they're giving you until October of 2026 to give them your guns—all your guns in Canada.
And if you don't, it's against the law, and you'll basically go to jail if you have one.
So, a disarming of the people, because you cannot rule and dictate over people who are armed.
Do you understand?
And that's why I said this is what happens right before the Antichrist starts taking over, because I said America becomes disarmed.
Remember, I warned you all when I went to tribulation.
The only people who had firearms were the farmers; nobody had a lot of guns.
I remember because people ask me, they said, "Brandon, didn't you see them defending themselves with firearms?
" I said, "No, there was a disarmament coming.
" And people always say, "That'll never happen in America.
That'll never happen in Canada; they need it up there for hunting.
" They say, "That would never happen in Australia.
" That'll never happen in China or whatever.
I don't know if they ever had it, but I'm just saying this is part of the phase and it's happening just like I told you.
I said persecution's coming.
You won't be able to say what you want to say soon.
And it's just like it's happening with all this with the passports and the digital IDs.
This right here is about Europe.
And I want you to see this.
Europe said that they won't even allow you into certain of their countries.
Listen to this right here.
Planning a trip to Europe?
You're going to have to hand over way more than your passport when you get there.
As part of a new entry-exit system, visitors to most European countries will have to provide four fingerprints and a facial photo at a self-operated kiosk.
The information will be stored for three years with the photo being used for ID verification on later visits.
Travelers who refuse to provide their biometric data will be denied entry.
The goal of the program is to enhance security and speed up border crossings.
It is said the new system is set to be rolled out over six months starting in October and applies to 29 countries including popular destinations like France, Italy, and Spain.
If you're planning a trip to Europe, you're going to have to...
So again, October next, this month, all October.
I said what will happen after the 23rd?
A great acceleration of everything.
Everything will start to speed up after the 23rd.
People go, 'What happened after the 23rd?
' Look, it's happening.
Like a frog in a pot being boiled.
Do you see?
It's all accelerating.
It's happening.
It's right now.
He said, 'As labor pains upon a woman, so will it be.
' Look at what's happening.
October, October, October.
It's like boop boop boop.
And it's all after the UN and all the things that are being said for Israel.
So the next thing we see is Trump allowing Ukraine to shoot long-range missiles into Russia with drones.
This is a major deal.
So they can touch way deep into Russia now.
They're going to be able to touch.
So, is that going to escalate things?
I told you I saw an escalation of war coming as we see this.
I'm just telling you all this is—it's going to be like the Lord said it would be, like dominoes.
It was going to start being like dominoes, and we're going to see it move faster and faster and faster and faster and faster, the end-time events as digital ID becomes mandatory in the United Kingdom and in Sweden.
People say, 'Brandon, should I get the digital ID?
Should I resist it?
' I said, 'It's going to start out on your cell phone first.
' But if they're trying, not putting the chip inside your hand yet or your forehead, I still would resist it.
But I'm saying you're going to have to have it.
But as long as it's not being put inside your person, I'd say the phone's okay.
I mean, if you have to work.
But as soon as this happens, we know that this all comes when the Antichrist is here.
I don't believe we're going to see that before the Antichrist steps on the scene.
This is steps moving.
Yes, it's preparation getting you ready for it.
It's all coming in a line.
It's all happening, getting people desensitized.
Yes.
Jesus Christ is coming, ladies and gentlemen.
Do you understand?
Many of you are not ready.
Many of you are just doing life as status quo.
There's no urgency.
He said, 'In my church,' the Lord said to me, 'Brandon, there's no urgency.
Many of them are going through their Monday through Friday work with their head down, just trying to make ends meet, just trying to provide for their family.
But you don't want to know what's going on until something major happens, like what happened in Michigan this weekend last Sunday with the guy going in there and running his truck through the church and hurting all those people.
This was what the Lord showed me was going to start escalating: major events, major sporting events, major gatherings.
Praying over this.
But I saw Erica, the young girl, Charlie's wife, having major revival services and they all were wearing white t-shirts and these youth were all in these major auditoriums.
And the Lord said, 'Instead of being sporting events in the days ahead, Brandon, you're about to see glory events, and a major revival will break out in California and the Hollywood Hills and the celebrities and a major move of God.
' A major move of God.
But the Lord said, 'I've assembled you together to pray over America's midterm.
' And it happened on...
they all were wearing white at one of those football...
Is it a football game?
That's Penn State.
Yeah, that was Penn State.
They all were, and even Bern, who's...
Oh, yeah.
That's cool.
I wish you could show that on there.
They were all wearing the white shirts.
The PSU-Oregon game.
They all wore white shirts.
But you can send it to me if you want.
Just amazing to see when you're seeing in the spirit it's coming to pass.
Then Starbucks says today we're closing down all these stores and I told you there's something coming with the coffee.
Remember I said I saw something coming with the coffee beans.
There's something coming with the coffee.
Well, Starbucks is saying all this and I'm like, is this the pre-run for the coffee beans and all the things the Lord showed me about coffee?
Does anybody remember about the coffee?
I said, there's something coming about coffee.
It's in the news today.
They're laying off thousands of people.
Thousands.
Closing I don't know how many hundred stores nationwide.
Like with thousands of stores.
I think it was under a thousand.
I think it was like 940 stores.
Okay.
So, a thousand stores.
But thousands of employees.
So, you're either going to get a compensation package or you'll have to go and transfer to another store.
But the point is that we're seeing about the coffee.
The Lord's warning us there's something with the coffee.
He even warned us about CarMax.
So, I drove by CarMax.
Hey, in the days ahead there's major shaking.
Play that video.
I saw loans on cars and houses defaulting.
Defaulting.
Major defaulting coming.
He talked to me about the used car market, warning me about a certain CarMax.
I drove by it and I heard CarMax in trouble.
What does that mean?
I don't know.
I just keep driving.
I'm like...
I told my brain, 'Dude,' I said, 'What?
' I heard CarMax's in trouble.
What is that?
And I saw interest rates on car loans and things with the economy.
Do you have anything about CarMax?
The little article.
You may not have it up ready.
I threw you on the spot, son.
I'm sorry.
This is just encouraging.
This is just encouraging us because we're praying over this stuff.
This isn't, like I said, this isn't drawing attention to Brandon.
This is to deflect the glory to Jesus cuz I can't do this.
This guy's on YouTube and this is what they're saying about CarMax.
CarMax's stock crashed by 20% in just one day.
Their stock price just hit the lowest it has been since March of 2020.
So what happened?
Well, they just released their earnings and they were an absolute disaster.
And this is sending major warning signs to the car market and the entire US economy.
All right, so let's talk about what happened.
Well, CarMax was actually expecting to increase their sales for the quarter.
And what happened was actually the inverse.
They ended up declining their sales by over 6%.
That is huge.
And what's very interesting about this is their average revenue—you see, the Lord's telling us this stuff way before it happens.
So, and then he warned us about...
and this is not financial advice.
I have to say this.
This is not financial advice.
I'm just telling you what I see.
And then he says, 'You'll see silver increase.
' And you see that and it's an all-time high.
I had people say, 'Did you not see the increase of silver?
' And I said, 'I don't pay attention to that stuff.
' He said, 'The increase of silver is at an all-time high.
' But I told you a number, and I said, 'This is what I saw in the spirit as I'm praying.
' The Lord said this—like I said, not financial advice, just my opinion—that it went well over $70 in the days ahead, really quick.
It's almost at 50 bucks.
We're not too far from what he said.
The things the Lord shows us, he tells us to prepare us.
And I think that's interesting as we saw an all-time high.
So, does it tank before then?
I don't know.
It could totally rock bottom and go back down to like 12 bucks an ounce.
I don't think it will, in my opinion, but if it does, it's a buying opportunity for some people.
Do you see?
It's going, it's doing what the Lord said it would do.
The markets are fluctuating, doing things.
There'll be great highs, there'll be great lows, there'll be great shakeouts, there'll be great all this stuff.
So, I think it's interesting as we pray and you go, 'Wow,' because I had no idea, because I don't follow all this stuff.
I don't have time until somebody brings up an article and says, 'Brandon, look.
' And I'm like, 'Well, I'll be.
' And I told her, I said, 'Well, my goodness, look at that.
I didn't know about Starbucks.
I didn't know about the stuff that the Lord said, "Watch Starbucks.
"' Remember that: watch Starbucks.
A lot of y'all out here are great researchers.
There's a lot of great...
Yeah.
Oh, that's fine.
It's just a green screen.
A lot of researchers.
So, we bring all that to you to encourage you, not to brag or say, 'Oh, look at us,' but to say, 'Listen, we're on the right road.
It's not flaky.
' Maybe it encouraged you that we're praying right, that we're seeing things in the news, that the Lord warned us that these things were going to come and he's trying to prepare us, that we don't get weary in well-doing.
We keep pushing.
We keep praying.
It's working.
Prayer's changing things, right?
It's awesome.
It's happening.
So, I want to encourage you all to keep on keeping on.
Even whenever you don't see things, like I said, we see things happening and it's just like, 'Wow, Lord.
What you've called us and you've assembled us for such a time as this.
' And so, when he says, 'I want you to pray into the revival that's about to take place.
I want you to pray for the youth and the college campuses, and all of the protection over the tailgate parties.
I want you to pray over the major churches.
I want you to pray over the election in 2026 that they don't try to rig it, that this is too big to rig again, that Donald Trump, they'll set things in motion, that our government won't shut down, that there's protection over our president and his son and his grandchildren.
' That's what he's called us to do.
And I just wanted to be encouraging today.
I brought those out and Braden shows me all this stuff that's going on and I just go, 'Wow.
Wow, Braden, that's cool, man.
' So, you want to take communion with us, baby?
Braden, you can have this.
Is there any more articles that you saw?
What is that that you want to show?
'Former FBI agent warns out...
' Okay, go ahead and play that.
Can you show—is that a video?
Yeah, I haven't watched it.
Oh, you hadn't watched it, but I saw the article.
Okay, well, you can put it up there.
Can they see it?
'A former FBI agent...
' What is it talking about?
A former FBI agent warns that al-Qaeda, now led by Osama bin Laden's son, is plotting imminent terrorist attacks in Miami and Houston.
So, he's a former FBI agent warning everybody that al-Qaeda is planning imminent attacks in Miami and Houston.
According to him, as many as a thousand al-Qaeda operatives—a thousand al-Qaeda operatives.
What did I tell you?
There were ten cities.
What we saw: ten major cities with a hundred men per city.
It's right there in the news: ten cities with a hundred men per city.
And so, we see Houston, I warned you; Miami, we told you; Washington, D.
C.
, New York City, Chicago, Boston, Massachusetts, Philadelphia, LA, and I believe I even saw—I guess it was more than that, more than ten cities.
There were big cities, and then there were small ones like Omaha, Nebraska.
I saw little stuff, little things.
And the Lord said, 'Don't always pay attention just to the big ones.
' And that's when he brought up the Timothy McVeigh thing.
He said, 'Don't forget Timothy McVeigh.
' 'Don't forget Timothy McVeigh.
' That's what he said to us.
Remember, that was back in January.
And so, I told you all I saw trucks full of fertilizer, full of fertilizer, vans, semi-trucks, and they were doing it a little at a time.
And I warned you all about this stuff, and I said, 'You must pray.
' And that went viral.
That video that I did went viral, over, I think, a million hits on that, warning people.
So, believing God that all these people would come together and intercede.
So, that's what we're going to do tonight, and we're going to pray together and we're going to intercede for all these things that we're seeing and praying over.
And if the Lord wants to show us more stuff, then fine.
If he don't, fine.
Like I said, it's exciting to see in the news that we're praying in the right direction.
So, what is it?
'Trump signs executive order to harness AI in fight against cancer.
' Look, show them that.
'Trump signs executive order to harness AI and fight against childhood cancer.
' I said a cure for cancer is coming.
The Lord said a cure for cancer is coming.
It will be a thing of the past in the days ahead along with Alzheimer's, autism, dementia, and other diseases that have plagued humanity for decades.
And the Lord said it will become a thing of the past.
So, don't be surprised if we hear it pretty quick, because I told you I saw them just putting things in a computer, and just in a matter of seconds, they had the answer to everything that was through this new industrial revolution.
And he said it will be such an acceleration of things that you'll be like, 'Technology we have today is actually old.
The answers we have today are actually weeks behind because it takes them a while to read through all the paperwork and all this stuff.
' Because AI is evolving, and the Lord said this is what we have—like chat GPT and stuff is old news, this is old school.
I saw supercomputers that were so advanced that you could put stuff in there—mathematical equations, things solving things—and it was over, and it was mind-blowing, the knowledge and the information, the download of everything.
Did you see that thing Apple's doing?
You put the earbud ear thing in your ear and I can hear you in another language.
We can talk and communicate with each other and just have the ear pod in our ears.
Language barrier is going to be a thing of the past.
Well, you speak Spanish, I speak English, I can't hear you—put the ear pod in there, it's like that.
And then all of a sudden, I can understand everything you're saying and you can understand me, and we're talking back and forth having a conversation and the thing's translating right in my ear.
Folks, that's over the top.
I'm like, 'Tower of Babel, are you kidding me?
' No more.
There's no language barrier anymore.
It's like we'll all just be able to talk all the time.
It's amazing.
Did anybody see that about the EarPod?
You can play it if you want.
I don't want to draw this too far out because they're going to end up wanting to go to bed.
Yeah.
So, but they can look it up.
You can look it up.
And it's just a whole translation thing.
It's just really cool.
So, Father, we just thank you, Father, for your body.
Thank you, Lord, for all that you're showing us.
Father, we thank you.
We give you the glory.
Thank you, Lord, that we stay small in our own eyes and we just keep focusing on you.
And we're so excited that you're using us for such a time as this.
And this prayer group is becoming...
we're able to really change things with the power of prayer.
We're doing this.
When we gather together, one of us can put a thousand to flight.
Just think of how many we're putting together as a group.
Thousands of us putting together.
We're just steamrolling the devil.
He goes, "Oh no, they're praying again.
" I want him to be scared.
"Oh no, they're praying again.
" Not just all Rambo and by yourself, but they're coming together as a body like Tommy Hicks' vision.
The giant is rising up and saying, "We've had enough of you, devil.
We're taking back.
We're taking our authority.
We're taking our dominion, and we're going to come for you.
We're coming back and we're taking everything you stole.
We will not stand idly by and allow our kids to go to hell.
We're not going to stand idly by and watch our loved ones go to hell.
We're going to bring them out of the depth of the darkness, and we're bringing them into the light.
And we're telling them that Jesus loves them and he has a plan for their life because the eyes of their understanding are going to be flooded with light because Satan has blinded the eyes of the unbeliever.
So we take authority over those eyes tonight and we take communion over our unsaved loved ones' eyes.
And we thank you, Lord, that you took all of it on the cross for us.
You became sickness for us.
You became sin for us.
You became poor for us.
And through your poverty, through your sickness, through all of that, Father, you took it all on for us.
You delivered us.
Thank you, Lord, that we are believing believers that believe that we're redeemed from the curse of the law.
According to Galatians, Christ has redeemed us from the curse of the law.
And we take this body in the name of Jesus.
And we thank you, Lord, for your healing, for the deliverance.
And we call ourselves blessed.
We call ourselves well in Jesus' name—mentally, physically, financially, emotionally, all of it.
Be made whole in Jesus' name.
That's what we do.
I take the body now.
Lord, we plead the blood and we're believing believers.
Father, I thank you.
We make much of the blood.
The blood makes much of us.
You said, "If you confess your sins, you are faithful and just to forgive us of our sins and cleanse us from all unrighteousness.
" follow, I thank you, Lord.
We confess it today.
We've probably messed up in some way, but Lord, I thank you, Lord, that it's under the blood.
We plead the blood of Jesus over our households.
We plead the blood of Jesus over our minds.
We plead the blood of Jesus over our emotions.
Thank you, Lord, that we're rising up and we're becoming better Christians every day by you, by the word.
We get that word down inside of us and it changes us from the inside out.
Thank you, Father, for the word.
Thank you, God, for the saving knowledge of Jesus Christ, that we don't have to go to hell.
To be absent from the body is to be present with the Lord.
And I thank you, Father, that we take the blood right now in the name of Jesus.
And we thank you.
We give you all the glory, honor, and praise for all that you've done and all that you continue to do in Jesus' name.
Amen.
Take the blood.
Thank you, Lord.
Thank you, Lord, that you've redeemed us from the curse.
Thank you, Lord, that we're healed and whole and well.
Thank you, Lord, for Deuteronomy 28 and Galatians and for all the word that you've given us, Father, that we can stand on it.
And we're believing believers that believe that we're redeemed.
We're believing believers that believe that we're healed.
We're believing believers that believe that we're prosperous, that we don't have to go through poverty.
Thank you, Lord.
According to Deuteronomy 28, we're blessed in the city and the field, coming in and going out.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that they'll come at us one way and flee before us seven.
That, Father, in Psalm 91, a thousand shall fall at your side and 10,000 at your right hand, but nothing shall come nigh us.
Father, we're so grateful for your word, for all that you've done for us tonight.
Thank you, Father, for books, for literature, Father, to educate us, Father, that we don't make mistakes like our forefathers did.
That, Father, we learn from the past and don't keep repeating ignorance.
But, Father, we honor you and we come up underneath you, Father, and we just sit at your feet and say, "Jesus, here we are.
Use us.
Send us.
Do something with our lives, God.
If you can do something with this life, use me.
If you can use me, Lord, if you can use me, if I can help you in any way, Lord, I thank you, Lord, that you help.
You'll use me for your greater glory.
Use Diana.
Use these people behind this screen tonight.
Use them, Father, for the harvest is plentiful and the laborers are few.
Now, Father, we claim in the name of Jesus Christ every unsaved loved one to be underneath the saving knowledge of the Lord Jesus.
Father, I thank you, Lord, right now that you send ministering angelic hosts to protect, to guide, to bind back the devil.
We bind back the devil off of their eyes, for Satan has blinded the eyes of the unbelievers, and we call them born again.
We call them saved.
We call them delivered in the name of Jesus.
We call our unsaved wives, unsaved husbands, unsaved children, maybe a grandfather, a grandmother, an uncle, an aunt, cousins—we call them born again in Jesus' name.
Father, I thank you that you said in your word that you don't want that any man should perish, but all to come to repentance.
And I thank you, Father, that today is the day of salvation.
That today is the day of salvation.
That you said in your word, Lord, that no man comes to the Father unless you're calling them.
And I thank you, Lord, that right now, even in their households, wherever they're at, they could be getting ready for bed.
They're laying their head down on the pillow.
In America, they're getting ready.
Father, I thank you that you would visit them in the midnight hour.
I thank you, Father, for the visitations and the manifestations of the glory on our unsaved loved ones, and that they would have a radical visitation of the Spirit of God even in their sleep.
Thank you, Father.
Father, we give you praise for it right now in Jesus' name.
We call them born again.
We call them saved.
We call them baptized in the Holy Ghost—a radical visitation in Jesus' name.
Father, we plead the blood.
We plead the blood over our children.
We plead the blood over their schools.
We cover them in the schools.
We thank you, Lord, that there's no shooting, no calamity that comes nigh them.
I thank you, Father, right now in the name of Jesus that as they go to school, the angels of the Lord camp around and about them in Jesus' name.
We apply the blood of Jesus over every college campus, over the tailgate parties.
We thank you, Lord, that the tailgate parties are all covered in the name of Jesus, that no shootings, no calamity, no nothing come nigh our tailgate parties, that as they go together, Father, they're protected.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for the angels that are watching over and around about our college campuses in Jesus' name.
Thank you, Father.
Father, I thank you, Lord, in the name of Jesus.
We thank you, Father.
We thank you, Father, for the protection over our law enforcement, over our homeland security, over our FBI.
Father, I pray over our FBI, over our Secret Service, Father, that their intel is always sharp, that they're not distracted by all kinds of people trying to pull on them, having false alarms.
Father, I pray that they would have supernatural discernment on which ones are legitimate and which ones are just a distraction, that they'll line up and they'll hear you, Father, and they'll hear your voice, and a stranger's voice they'll not follow.
We thank you, Lord, for it in Jesus' name.
We praise you, Father, that the blood of Jesus covers our law enforcement in Jesus' name.
We thank you, Lord.
We thank you, Lord, for the blood.
We thank you, Lord, for covering our president, Father.
And, Father, we thank you, Lord, that there are no drones coming into our stadiums.
There are no secret planned attacks.
There's nothing that shall come nigh us in Jesus' name.
Over our Major League Baseball games, over our NFL games, over our soccer, or whoever, we cover our stadiums in the blood of Jesus.
And every plot, every plan, every evil evildoer would be uncovered and exposed in the name of Jesus.
We thank you, Lord, that we are rising up as believers who rise up and say, 'We've had enough of the mass shootings.
We've had enough of people trying to hurt us in the holiday season.
We will not have it.
' We say, the Bible says, we wrestle not against flesh and blood, but we wrestle against principalities and powers and spiritual wickedness in high places.
But Father, I thank you, Lord, that we take our dominion authority and they will not touch our families.
We plead the blood.
We apply the blood of Jesus, the olive oil.
We apply the blood over our families so that we're always in the right place at the right time.
Every single one of us doing exactly what you have us to do, God.
Father, if we get that inward check, we feel that inside.
We say we don't feel peace, we go with our peace.
We go with the peace that passes all understanding.
We follow that peace over us.
Go and follow the peace that passes all understanding over your household.
We're led by our spirit.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that we would have somebody better rise up in New York for mayor.
That we wouldn't have some radical leftist Muslim evil person, whoever it is, rise up in our mayor's office in New York.
That we would have a radical, Holy Ghost-baptized Christian get in there and turn that mess around.
We thank you, Lord, that the people of New York would rise up in the name of Jesus and say, 'We've had enough.
' We thank you, Father.
We thank you, Lord.
We thank you, Father, for the blood.
We thank you, Lord, for the mercy over our nation, that you said if my people who are called by my name will humble themselves and pray and turn from their wicked ways, then we would hear from heaven and you would heal our land.
We believe that, Father, that this is a time like never before that we would see a supernatural turnaround in our country.
We call a red wave, a major red wave, not just of politics, but of the blood of Jesus Christ covering this land in the name of Jesus, with a major move of God from sea to shining sea, from the Gulf all the way up to the Canadian border, and it would saturate and overflow all over this land, and we would have a major revival and we would have a great stirring in our churches once again.
We thank you, Lord, that it would spread all throughout Asia, all over South Korea and over North Korea.
We pray for a major revival over North Korea in the name of Jesus, that the dictator would be brought down in Jesus' name.
And then Father, that we would rise up and we would claim the land for Jesus like Joshua and Caleb, Father.
We say enough's enough.
We will have this land for Jesus.
The Iron Curtain is coming down.
We thank you, Lord, that it's coming forth in the name of Jesus all throughout China, all throughout Australia, all throughout South America, all throughout Africa, all throughout Europe.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for a Holy Ghost and fire experience all throughout Europe in the name of Jesus.
I thank you, Lord, that you're stirring in them.
And then Father, we put a delay on the Antichrist agenda with all these things, digital ID, as we see the days approaching, as the birthing pains are going back-to-back.
Father, we want a revival.
We want a major harvest of souls.
And we thank you, Lord, that people get their head out of the sand and they say, 'Hey, I've taken a stand for Jesus.
I'm taking a stand for Jesus tonight.
' We thank you, Lord, for Mexico.
We thank you, Lord, for the Latinos.
Father, there'll be a major move of God all throughout the Latina community.
Father, I pray over our southern border and all the trafficking and all the children that are being bound by the trade industry.
Father, they would be found and brought home to their families, or for the ones that are not in good families, Father, they would have a good family to go to.
I thank you, Lord, that you're exposing the darkness on our southern border and all throughout Europe.
All this sex trade industry would be exposed in the name of Jesus by our FBI and by our Homeland Security and our Border Patrol.
Father, that they would expose the darkness and the trafficking of these little children.
I thank you, Lord, that they do not touch the children.
You said it would be better for them not to have even been born.
And Father, we thank you, Lord.
We thank you, Father, that you're helping to rescue these little girls and these boys.
You're rescuing them, Father, out of the hellhole that they're in.
You rescue them, Father.
I thank you, Lord, that you're exposing the darkness, and our law enforcement would see it and they would say, 'I just have a feeling.
I just think there's something over there.
' And they have the inward knowing, but it's the Holy Spirit whispering, 'Go over there.
Those little kids are over there.
They're over there.
' And Father, they'll be obedient even in the midnight hour.
They'll have dreams, they'll have visions, they'll see.
Father, I thank you, Lord, where these children are.
I thank you, Father.
I thank you, Father, that everybody on the Epstein list and all these things will be exposed.
I call for an exposing of the darkness in this nation.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that we're rising up and there's a blessing.
As we bless Israel, we line up and we pray for Israel.
We pray for Jerusalem.
We pray for the peace of Jerusalem.
We say there's no hidden, another October 7th-style attack coming, that everything would be uncovered with these biological weapons that you showed me they would try to use in the days ahead, that you would uncover these 50-gallon drums.
You would uncover any kind of mass attacks over Israel in the name of Jesus.
We call for an exposing of darkness from Iran and from the darkness in Syria, and over any other, Jordan, or whoever.
Father, I thank you over Egypt, wherever they may be, Gaza.
Father, I thank you, Lord, there's an exposing of terrorist activity, and Father, I thank you, Lord, that we'll have peace in the Middle East, peace in Jerusalem, peace in these areas in Jesus' name.
Father, I thank you for revival, as my heart tonight is revival, and we thank you, Father, for the revival upon our land.
We pray over Mel Gibson and over this new movie that he's making.
I thank you, Lord, that there's no delay, that he would be able to do this movie and it would reach the lost for Jesus.
A major move of God would happen in the theaters like you showed us was coming.
A major move of God would come in the movie theaters, and there would be a Holy Ghost experience even in AMC movie theaters, in the Tinseltowns and all around.
Father, there would be a major move of God.
Whoever does the film or sponsors it, Father, would have a major move.
But he has to get it made first.
So, Father, we just pray a protection around him, Father, that he would stick closest to the Bible and not deviate from it.
That he would stick to the word and not deviate from it and make it into some kind of mockery.
I thank you, Lord, that he would stick to the word and not make it a mockery, that it would not be way over here and not even line up with the word of God.
But, Father, it would be a witnessing tool for the end times—a witnessing tool for the end times, for the funding to be there and the right actors to be there.
Not bad actors, but good ones that would be able to not just move by their own ability to act, but with the Holy Ghost behind it.
Holy Ghost-inspired acting.
Holy Spirit-inspired music.
Creative songs, songs from the heavens, Father, that would be worship like we've never heard before.
We're calling for worship like we've never heard before: heavenly sounds, creative ideas for new sounds, worship that would bring down the glory in a way that we've never seen before in our church services.
I thank you, Father, for raising up new worship leaders that are not about fame and money, but just about giving God glory—worship leaders that are not about the praise of man, but about praising Jesus.
Songwriters and song leaders, Father, with the Holy Ghost and fire on their marriages, too, but on their ministries as well.
Holy Ghost and fire on their ministries.
A new sound, a new sound of worship, new words, new impartation, and divine revelation of the glory of God like we've never seen before.
We thank you, Father, that you've chosen us, Lord, for such a time as this.
We are those people, we are the closers, and you're raising up Davids, Hannahs, Esthers, and Joshuas.
And, Father, you're raising them up.
Father, you say, like the Gideons who say, 'I'm nothing, Lord.
I don't know how, but God, your super is on my natural.
I can do anything.
' That's the kind of people that God's going to use to just say, 'Yes, here am I.
' I thank you, Father, for impartation tonight for every single person who's watching this, Father, that you're fanning that flame on the inside of them.
That you're raising up that fire on the inside of them, so that they have courage to go and speak the good news and be the John the Baptists of this generation, telling everybody that there's a Savior coming.
Jesus Christ is coming, and they would not shrink back.
They would not cower back and be afraid of man's opinion and all the persecution that comes with being bold about our faith.
But they would look at us and say, 'There's authenticity about it.
You're authentic.
There's something about you that's different.
' The John Wesleys of our generation, the Smith Wigglesworths of this generation, the Aimee Semple McPhersons, the Rachel Tefatellers, the great generals of the past, Father, that we would have people that shine in this generation.
They say, 'You know what?
They're just born leaders.
' I believe there are just born leaders rising up right now—leaders, not cowards, leaders like Charlie was, leaders that are anointed for such a time as this.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for it—for revival in Minnesota, revival in Colorado Springs, revival in Oklahoma City, revival in Tulsa, revival in Fort Worth, Texas, revival in Tennessee, revival in Miami, revival in LA, revival in Phoenix, Arizona, Father, in Denver, Colorado, and all the areas.
Father, in South Korea and all the areas, Father, we're believing for revival across it and in Canada, France, Germany—Father, we could go on and on—but in every single place, Father, we thank you, Lord, that you're not leaving one of us out.
Not one of us will be left out.
We're all participating, all excited, and have expectation for what you're about to do in our lives.
Thank you, Lord.
Thank you, Father.
Thank you, Lord, that every plot, every plan, every evildoer is exposed and brought to justice in Jesus' name.
Every evildoer—there's no rock they can hide under, there's no cave they can hide in, there's no hotel, no apartment complex, no woods that are too deep; every place is found and they are brought to justice.
No matter how hard they try to hide, they'll be brought to justice in Jesus' name.
Thank you, Father, for the holiday season that's coming as we enter into the fourth quarter and the next two here in Central America.
We enter into the fourth quarter, and I thank you, Father, that this will be the most prosperous time we've seen in Jesus' name, that the bank account of everybody listening to you, Father, will overflow, that they'll lack no good thing—not just to buy blessings for ourselves, but to spread the gospel throughout the whole world.
Father, that we would be end-time distribution centers of financial glory, that there will be no lack of any good thing, and that every believing believer will have a bountiful overflow, harvest, and supply.
Everything they're believing for will come in the name of Jesus.
This would be a time of seedtime and harvest, and the harvesters and the sowers will reap and go hand in hand.
It won't be, 'Well, we sowed it and ten years later.
' No, it's seed, harvest, sow, harvest, reap, reap, reap, reap, sow, sow, and it just goes like a freight train.
Wouldn't that be amazing?
You see that all the time.
I'm just believing for that for every single one of us.
But it would start with the fourth quarter.
We will lack no good thing in the name of Jesus.
Every single one of us will have a bountiful supply in Jesus' name with creative ideas—creative ideas where God would speak to us and say, 'Listen, if you do this and you do that, you'll be in that place of overflow.
' Father, I thank you, Lord, that silver would skyrocket, gold would skyrocket.
Father, there will be supernatural things that shoot up, and we go, 'Wow, look at what God did!
' Thank you, Lord, for everything you have in store for us, as you said, 'Beloved, I wish above all things that you prosper and be in health, even as your soul prospers.
' That we're prosperous inside of us—in our minds, our wills, and our emotions—and people see that we're sound and they go, 'Man, there's just something different about you.
' And you say, 'Yes, it's Jesus.
It's just Jesus.
' 'Man, you all look like you have a great marriage.
Your kids are always so happy.
' 'Yeah, it's just Jesus.
It's just Jesus.
Our homes are blessed because of Jesus.
' The world is looking for authentic.
The Bible says the eyes of the Lord run to and fro throughout the whole earth, looking for a heart that is perfect toward Him.
I thank you, Lord, that Your eyes can rest upon our household today, that Your eyes don't have to look anymore, and that You say, 'I found what I was looking for.
I found it.
It's right there.
I can use them right there.
' The eyes of the Lord run to and fro throughout the whole earth, looking for a heart that is perfect toward Him.
I thank you, Lord, that You're able to rest on us tonight and say, 'I found somebody.
I found somebody.
' For blessed are the pure in heart, for they will see God.
And You say, 'I found somebody.
I found my next David.
' He was a man after His own heart; God looked at David and said, 'I see something in him.
' You see something in us, Lord.
Create in us a clean heart, Lord.
Create us a clean heart.
Purify our heart, Lord, like refining of gold.
Purify us, Father.
Was it Billy Burke who gave us Revelation 3?
Yeah.
You can find that.
Read that to them.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you're purifying us and we're going from glory to glory.
We desire to be more like you, Lord.
We desire to be more like you.
Glory to God.
If he did it once, he'll do it again.
God blessed me once and he will do it again.
He blessed me once and he will do it again.
Do you believe that?
It's like when he said, "Pick up the shovel and dig another well.
" He picked up the shovel.
Shelley would have to sing that song.
I don't know all the words, but I love that song.
He's talking about picking up a shovel and dig another well, you know.
Do you see it?
Hold on.
Oh, I'm so sorry.
I just coughed and blew your page over.
That was rude.
Thank you, Father.
I was looking—we're looking for a scripture to give you because we're talking about the Lord refining us, refining like pure gold.
It goes through the fire and the more it goes through the fire, it pulls out the impurities.
And a lot of people don't want to go through the fire and get the impurities pulled out.
But I'm going to tell you this, it's what's required to go through the greater glory, the fire.
And I believe there's a lot of us that have already been through the fire and we've just been in holding.
It's not time yet, but you've been through the refiner.
You're going through refining all the time, but you've been through so much refining and you're just waiting for it—it's like "put me in the game, coach.
" And the coach says, "You, number 45, get out there.
" That's what he's about to say.
You've been in reserve and God is bringing in the A-game, the A-team.
And he's saying, "You, all of you watching, you're in the game now.
Let's run this thing.
" And the older that have been in the game are going to sit down and be able to take a rest for a little bit.
And they'll coach, help us on the sideline being cheerleaders, saying, "Listen, you guys got this.
Run.
Do this.
Let's finish this.
" I think it's this part right here.
It's Revelation 3.
Therefore, I counsel you to purchase from me gold refined and tested by fire that you may be truly wealthy and white clothes to clothe you and to keep the shame of your nudity from being seen and salve to put on your eyes that you may see.
Those whom I love, I tell their faults and convict and convince and reprove and chasten.
So be enthusiastic and earnest and burning with zeal and repent.
Behold, I stand at the door and knock.
And if anyone hears and listens to and heeds my voice and opens the door, I will come into him and will eat with him and he with me.
He who overcomes is victorious.
I will grant him to sit beside me on my throne as I myself overcame and sat down beside my father on his throne.
He who is able to hear, let him listen and heed what the Holy Spirit says.
Could you all hear that?
Her voice is pretty soft.
Sorry.
But he even said, "I stand at the door and knock.
" That's why I see him like that all the time.
He's knocking on the door of your heart.
And it says, "Refining as gold.
" As fire refines gold, ladies and gentlemen, that's what God is refining us.
And I believe a lot of us have already been in that fire.
And he's purifying our hearts, making us as pure gold before him.
That we are that people, that generation that will not taste death.
That we are the generation that will say, "Hey, we're the closers.
" I was worried when one day I was talking to him about Megan thing and he said, "Braden, you're the closers.
You're the generation that will not taste death.
" I truly believe that this generation will not pass before the Son of Man returns.
So refine us, Lord, like gold.
Purify us, oh God, just like gold and silver.
Purify us.
And it's only by the fire, Lord.
And I know it's probably uncomfortable to the flesh, but it's what's required.
Yeah.
So whenever he's saying, "purchase from me gold refined and tested by fire," you're just asking him.
It's ask of me.
Ask of me purchase.
That was Revelation 3.
To be refined.
It's all about being refined.
That's why I said to go in the greater glory.
These sufferings are for the greater glory.
It goes over and over and over of all the things the Lord brought out to us about how going through refining brings you to the greater glory.
It's refining.
And many of you have already been going through that refining.
He's not going to say, "Well, it's time for the glory now.
" No, it was already happening years ago.
We've been going through refining for a long time.
You look at it and say, "And it's still happening still with all this.
" He said, "You know, Brandon, no matter how much it is, keep looking at me.
You know, if people persecute you, keep looking at me.
Don't worry about if they hurt your feelings, you know, the main thing.
" It's like my dear friend said, "don't be a whiner.
Don't be a whiner.
You can't be a whiner and be in the big leagues, you know.
You got to be in the big leagues.
You can't be in the big leagues and be a whiner.
" Well, this is happening, that's happening.
Who cares?
Stop.
Stop looking at it.
There is no pity party, you know.
Don't have a pity party.
Go through Revelation and look at that.
Meditate on that.
There are other ones there.
I know there's other refining.
I had that whole list of the ones that we looked at.
Going through the greater glory—that all of it's attached to the greater glory.
And I just believe there's a lot.
Like I said, it's not about what we're going through now.
We've already been—a lot of us have been through it.
We've been through the valley of the shadow of death and we fear no evil.
We're coming out on the other side and we look better than we've ever looked.
I love what Kim Clement always says, "I'm somewhere in the future.
And I look much better than I look right now.
" I love "I'm somewhere in the future.
" I say, "Oh, that's perfect.
Let's do it.
" And I look much better than I look right now.
That song he sang.
Yes.
I just—man, I miss him.
How amazing if he were still here.
What would the Lord be revealing to him now?
Kim?
Yes.
But he's raising up new voices.
He's raising up new voices where one general goes home.
Doesn't mean the job was done.
He just says, "I raised up a new general to put in that position to say, 'Listen, run.
Finish the race.
'" Doesn't mean the war's won.
It's not over.
He just raised up new voices, new Kim Clement, new people for this generation.
Well, who wants to go tubing a little bit more?
I prayed a lot in English tonight for those because I did that for the translation videos because it's easier, because you can't translate tongues.
So, I do these videos so the other channels can pray in English with us.
But we prayed in English, so now our other German channel, the Chinese channel, all the others, they can translate that into English.
They can pray that for their homes.
So it's a lot easier for them because you can't translate tongues.
You can take a little break if you want to.
I'll just pray in the spirit with them a little bit.
If you need to take a break, you can.
I'll pray in tongues for 30 minutes and then we'll end it there.
But my voice is still good for right now.
I may have to drink a little water because I talk loud.
Everybody says, "I can't hear you.
I can't hear you.
" And then some people say, "You're too loud.
" I say, "Well, turn me down then because there have so many people say 'I can't hear you.
'" I'm like, "I don't know what to do.
" Oh, I'm glad I'm here.
I'm here.
You can hear me.
Do you hear me?
You say, "Braden, you're too loud.
" Diana's too soft.
I can't hear her.
" I said, "We try either way.
" I say, "She's soft.
" I feel like I'm talking a lot.
She's tender.
I turn it up, and when you start talking, it goes through.
I'm like, "Oh, no.
You missed it.
" She's like, "Ah, Brandon, you're too loud.
" Oh, no.
But she's—we don't—I love you, baby.
I'm sorry.
All right.
Let's pray a little—I'll pray a little bit more, but I'm going to pray in tongues.
I'm not going to pray in English anymore.
Okay, because I don't have—I've done it.
I don't have anything else for you in English.
I gave you everything.
We prayed over everything.
We had a big old—so now we've got to pray in tongues.
It's a lot easier to pray in tongues.
It's a lot easier for me.
I can coast a long way in tongues.
But you praying in English, you digging it up.
We only have so many English words.
It's all Spirit.
It's all Holy Ghost.
But I go, "Okay, so make sure.
" I don't know who this is for, but as I was praying right then, I saw a semi on fire on a highway.
I saw a semi and a major crash on a highway.
You say, "Well, what is that?
" But there's something about this crash.
So, I'm going to keep praying into it, but I see the semi is on fire.
And it's a major fire on this highway.
And it's during the daytime.
This is outside.
It's during the daytime.
I try to see around the surroundings around it, but I've not known exactly where this is.
Every person that is involved, Father, I call protection around them that this would not happen.
Whatever you're showing me about this semi, whatever whoever all these other cars are right here, I thank you, Father, that you're bringing a hedge of protection around and about these people on this highway.
I thank you, Father, for supernatural protection all around this highway right now in the name of Jesus.
No weapon formed against us would prosper.
We call in the rain.
We call in the rain, and we rebuke drought in the name of Jesus.
We call in the rain, the rain over the weather.
We're calling it in right now in the name of Jesus for weather warfare, drought.
Father, we thank you, Lord, for your rain.
I see that ground is so dry.
I see tractors, big John Deere tractors tilling land, and it's dry.
Now this looks like Texas, like all this flat area, praying into the weather, praying into the rain.
Remember I told you, weather warfare, when it comes to drought and major winter, frozen cattle standing upright, frozen—I'm talking frozen solid—unusual cold, unusual winter storms, cold Siberian air, and this is America that I'm seeing.
I'm looking at America, and we call for, Father, a changing of the jet streams that, Father, these major Arctic Siberian blasts would not come down like that for long extended times, dangerous cold where people are not used to it.
People in the South aren't used to cold like this.
But a lot of the people down here are not used to negatives where it gets so cold, and it's pipes bursting, and the cattle die.
When you're looking into that, I just look at it and say, "That's interesting.
" Weather manipulation, weather warfare, praying over our president, praying over our leaders, praying over our economy, praying, Father, over our housing markets, over our leaders, and over this budget bill.
We'll pray in English, we'll pray in tongues over that, that they'll extend this.
Shutting down the economy, doing all these things, trying to disrupt the economy.
We thank you, Lord, for coming into agreement, Lord.
Yes, Lord, I hear you.
Get out of the way.
Have your own way.
Lord, what is this you want to say?
I just rest.
I dance.
You lead, I follow.
Father, you lead, I follow.
There's levels of prayer.
There's levels of prayer he's talking to me about right now.
There are very surface levels.
There's the surface of what you see in the natural, and you pray into it.
He said many times, like what I was just doing, you're praying what you can know in your natural mind and your intellect.
But there's a place in God that is a deeper level of prayer, that you have to go to the deeper well.
And he said, "What you've done so far tonight has been very surface.
" He was correcting me.
He said, "You've been very surface tonight, but if you would like, I'll take you to the deeper well.
I'll take you down to the deeper well, but it is a place where you're dead to self.
You lose track of yourself.
" He said, "Come and drink in the deeper well, and I'll show you that which is to come.
You can pray on the surface, and it's like putting out the fires, or you can stop the fires before they start.
" There's a place in God Satan dare not go.
It's in the deeper flow.
There's so much surface in prayer.
That's what he was just saying.
"Well, you've said so much surface prayer tonight.
Good job, but there is a place that is deeper.
Will you let me lead and you follow?
" is what he said to me.
"Will you let me lead and you follow?
" There's a lot that seems right to the natural mind.
You think, "Well, I'm praying over all this stuff on the surface.
" I'm just teaching you as I go because of the way he's rebuking me.
I get corrected a lot, y'all.
I walk a very fine line with things Diana knows, and here I am.
It's like you can pray surface, but it's like, "Shut up.
Are you done with all this up here?
Are you done?
Are you tired yet?
" Because so many people are praying so much natural, is what he's saying.
Praying so much flesh.
"But you can go deep into the intimacy of the Father.
Stop praying so much out of here.
" That's what he was just saying to me.
"Pray here.
Come here, Brandon.
Come here.
Pray from here.
Stop praying out of here.
Oh, we got to pray over this, pray over that.
" And he said, "Then you see," and he goes, "The vision you saw, even that is just surface.
There's much more to this.
Come deeper.
" See, I mean immediately the anointing shifts.
You can feel it.
You feel what I'm saying, baby?
Instantaneous.
I feel it.
And I sit there and go, it's just a slight correction.
It's just a slight correction.
You're going this way, and it's a slight correction.
It's not a hurry.
It's not a rush.
It's that still, small voice on the inside of you.
He's talking about what's happening with great ministries around the world.
There's a cleaning of a house coming.
People who have huge platforms.
He said this before, but when I'm praying and I see a certain ministry, and I'm not going to talk about it, but I see a certain ministry that is very well known.
And as I'm seeing and I'm praying into this well-known ministry, he's taking a sponge and he's about to clean this thing, and it's going to look totally different than what it does right now.
There'll be people that are plucked up and moved.
There'll be people that are plucked up.
They'll be moved.
They're going to go home.
Some of them who are there for the wrong reasons will be removed.
They'll lose their position of authority and jobs, and they'll go and do something else.
For judgment begins in the house of the Lord first, and He's cleaning His church.
He's cleaning megachurches; He's cleaning His bride, and He's drawing them closer to His side.
There's a cleaning of the bride.
As He draws you close to His side, a refining you will see.
And this is a worldwide thing.
There's sin in the camp; there's a spot, there's a wrinkle on the dress.
But He's purifying that church.
He's bringing you close to His side.
Too much pride, too much ego.
I hear Him say, 'They're so stiff-necked.
' I see it.
He said, 'They're so stiff-necked that they can't even look up anymore.
Their back is stiff.
' That's what I saw.
They can only look right or to the left, but they can't look to Him because they've got so much of themselves reserved for themselves.
But I see the dawning of a new day, new voices.
He said, 'Pray for these new voices.
Pray for the new voices, Brandon.
There are new leaders, new voices that are rising up.
' I see pure faces.
They look like they have a good countenance on their face.
They are just coming out of a great refining fire, a lot of them, and they are just excited about ministry.
There's no taint, there's no, you know, whenever you become calloused...
I see so much callousness on people because of war wounds, because of the war wounds that are on these elders.
You become callous in the heart; you become cynical.
That's the word the Lord sent you: 'You become cynical.
' The Lord said, 'You can't be cynical looking at these babies that are coming in.
' There are many, many babies that are coming in, a lot of unsaved that will become saved.
You cannot be cynical to these babies.
Handle the babies with care.
There's a lot of babies, a lot of people that would never cross the threshold of the church, come into the doorway of the church.
They'll come, but handle the babies with care.
'Be patient with My babies,' that's what He says.
You become cynical and hard because you're a weathered warrior.
When you see so much death, so much tragedy and war, you're a warrior that has been war-torn, just worn out.
A lot of these elders have been through the trenches for 50 or 60 years, and you become callous to it—seasoned, even more than seasoned.
But what I'm seeing is you become callous, hardened.
You've got to be pliable.
But this is what the Lord said: 'These fresh faces, He's bringing up fresh faces with a brand-new fount of excitement.
' They may be wet behind the ears a little bit, a snot-nosed kid—that's what I'm talking about.
You go, 'Oh, you know...
' but they're just excited to be in the game.
Because the babies are coming.
There's a great harvest that is coming, and they're not going to be what you expect.
They're going to be people that have been in transition.
They don't know if they're a girl or a boy.
They got all kinds of stuff going on with them, just got demonic attachments, strung out on weirdness, and they're coming.
They're just going to be curious and they're hungry.
He'll say, 'Be patient with My babies, for you were once a baby.
' Maybe not to the extreme of what you see them, but be patient with My babies, for they're coming in all different kinds of lifestyles, all different kinds of backgrounds, and they're not always going to fit your religious mold of what you think they should be.
'Be patient,' I hear Him say, 'with My babies.
' They're coming from everywhere.
You can't be gruff.
Show love.
Love never fails.
Allow the Holy Spirit to use you and flow through you to help them.
People were patient with you.
Don't be a cranky old Susie Clipboard or whatever.
You know, you got to just show the love of God to folks.
I see an abundant harvest coming, but we've got to treat them real tender.
Some of them are just so fragile—look at them, a fragile egg.
Just love on them; just show them love.
They're just wanting love.
They're coming.
What will you do with the harvest that I've given you?
Train them up in discipleship, love on them, wash them, help them.
They're coming.
The Lord said there's a major shaking about to take place, but a lot of the preconceived ideas of how we do church are going to be changed.
And I'm telling you, a fresh, fresh wave of His glory.
Where sin abounds, grace does much more abound.
Watch what He does with the glory.
He didn't heal the saved; He came to set the captives free, but He healed the people that were just sinners.
Not Christians—it wasn't a Christian, like the lady at the well.
He hadn't gone to the cross yet.
Think about it: the woman at the well, she was sleeping with all those other men, and He said, 'What about all the other husbands?
' And her story was, 'Go and sin no more,' but He was just there loving her.
He didn't beat her up, like, 'Well, you must be really promiscuous, lady.
You must be really just a real you-know-what.
' And she looked at Him, going, 'Man, You must be a prophet.
' Do you understand?
That's the kind of people the Lord is showing.
There's going to be some people who would never cross over the threshold of a church.
They'll come into the doorway, and you're going to have to love on them.
And there'll be church unusual that is not inside a church building.
They'll be in fields because some of those folks would never even come to church because they've been hurt by the church so much, and they're going to come to a revival like a Holy Ghost Woodstock.
They're going to give their lives—maybe in an auditorium like Erica's going to do, and she has a major auditorium full, and they come there and they just get a touch from God.
They fall out and they go, 'What just happened to me?
' Because it wasn't a church, it was just an auditorium.
They'll go to an auditorium, a concert, and they're going to experience God at a concert.
They're going to experience heavenly worship.
They're going to experience it at a place where you would go, 'Well, that's an unholy place, a movie theater.
' 'Be patient with My babies, for you were once a baby.
Be patient with them,' that's what He says.
'Be patient.
' He said, 'Brandon, I said be patient.
' I didn't say, 'Be careful.
' 'Be patient.
' He said, 'I said be patient with My babies, Brandon.
I didn't say careful; I said be patient.
' Father, we just love You.
It will be the weight of His glory.
The weight of the glory, the weight of the glory upon meetings, upon you.
A weight of the glory, a weight of the glory at church unusual, in a fragrance like you've never experienced before—just an explosion of His grace and His love for you.
It will be an explosion of grace and His love for you as you see healings and demonstrations and manifestations.
One final push.
It's the goodness of God that draws men to repentance.
It's the goodness of God, but He's shaking to awaken.
You'll look around and go, 'What is going on?
' Listen, it's getting people's attention.
Charlie, that got a lot of attention.
People waking up.
Whoa.
But what you're about to see is a major push for a wake-up, for He's standing at the door.
Ladies and gentlemen, Jesus Christ is standing at the door.
Open the eyes of our hearts, Lord.
We want to see You.
Open the eyes of our hearts, Lord, we want to see You, to see You high and lifted up.
Father, we thank You, Lord.
A fresh touch.
Just one touch of the glory.
Just one touch, Lord, and we'll never be the same.
Father, fill our cup tonight, Lord, as we pray from the deeper wells.
Heaven will invade earth like you've never seen it before.
Heaven is invading earth.
I see it outside.
I can see it like at night in the winter, and you can feel the coldness of the air, but yet you see the cloud bank in the sky.
It's like the glory covering the earth, like the glory.
I can feel the crispness of how it feels so crisp in the cold.
And it will flow throughout California.
My presence will flow.
I see a wave of the glory.
The greater the blue state, the greater the harvest.
And it will flow throughout Asia, and it will flow throughout Europe, and it will flow through persecution, and it will flow through the olive press.
It will flow, a great flow.
And then popcorn will pop.
The glory will manifest in places that will be unexpected.
I see a baseball game.
I see it in the middle of unexpected events.
You're just there.
Unusual places in unusual ways, Church.
The glory will manifest each day.
Watch.
It's not structured; it's just a flow.
Let the river flow.
And as you think that the weight is subsiding, like it's pulling back, another one will come in somewhere else and it will be a fresh touch.
Glory to God.
I see it at places of work and places of business, office complexes, on the blue collar, on the white collar, at coffee shops, and even at local pubs.
Watch the greater glory.
People will walk in, and the glory of God will come on them, and you'll go, 'What is this?
' And then people will be drinking at the bar, drunk, and they'll sober up, and the power of God will knock them off their bar stool, and they'll go, 'What is going on with me?
' Today is the day of salvation for you.
Today is the day of repentance for you.
You must know Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal Savior.
That's why He said in casinos, the Lord said they'll be doing the slot machines and playing poker and blackjack, and all of a sudden the glory is going to come in there, and there'll be somebody in the room next door having a Holy Ghost meeting in there, trying to draw the sinners in.
And the glory is going to come into the whole casino, and you'll go, 'What is going on?
' He's visiting even the darkest, sinful places to say, 'Listen, I love you.
I'm pulling you out of this mess.
You want to get out of this; I want you to get out of this.
It'll be a grace explosion.
' As I said, the Crips, the Bloods, the bikers, all coming in neighborhoods, walking in the deepest, darkest places of Chicago, and the fire of God hitting a block, and everybody in that block gets the glory on them, and they go, 'What is going on around here?
' And all the gang members get born again.
Expect big.
You go, 'Why would God do that?
' Because He comes to save that which is lost.
'I'm leaving the ninety-nine to go after the one.
' For this is one last call.
The ark door is closing.
The crisp is in the air.
I can feel it.
A great shaking to awaken, you will see.
I even see a cruise ship, a cruise ship with the glory in the cruise ship, and they're held captive in there.
They can't get away.
They're in those rooms.
What are they going to do?
'We've got to get off this boat!
' They're sinners.
The glory of God is going to come on a cruise ship.
Wow, that's going to be neat.
But they're held captive there for a three-hour tour like Gilligan's Island.
They're going to be on there for a whole day.
On the way back, you're like, 'How do I get out of here?
' They don't want to be there; the glory of God is in there.
And then they get saved.
You know, some people, they like the devil they hold, but this is going to be wonderful.
They're going to get radically born again.
Glory to God.
When I saw that, I saw a boat in the Gulf, going out of Galveston.
There's going to be a glory ship coming out of Galveston.
That's where I saw it, just being more of what I just saw in that vision.
I saw a boat leaving Galveston, and the glory of God is going to go on a boat out of Galveston, Texas.
That's where I saw it leaving.
And I'm telling you, the glory is going to go on that boat in Galveston.
I don't know when it's going to happen, but I saw a Royal Caribbean boat leaving, and the glory of God going out of a cruise ship going out of Galveston, Texas.
It was headed down towards the Costa Maya coast, that area, Cozumel.
He was going to Cozumel's area.
I saw a glory ship.
That's interesting, isn't it?
Now, that's what I see.
I was telling you there's a boat that's going to have the glory on it.
Now, I'm not trying to promote Royal Caribbean, but I'm trying to tell you—you'll go, 'Oh, he's trying to sell boats.
' No, I'm not.
I'm trying to tell you what I just saw by the glory of God.
It could be Carnival, so who knows?
I'm just saying.
But it was royal.
Glory to God.
If you weren't here earlier, this is essential oils—essential oils, salt and peppermint.
And I've been talking a while.
Glory to God.
Thank you, Lord, for Your healing.
Thank you, Lord, that I'm delivered.
Thank you, Lord.
I feel His presence so strong.
It's so beautiful.
A refreshing is to come on you today.
'A refreshing on you today' is what He said.
Just drink, drink from the well.
Thank you, Father.
We praise You, Father.
We give You glory for it in the name of Jesus.
Hallelujah.
Father, is that all You had today?
Is that all You want to do?
There's some—I'm telling you all, tent revivals are coming back.
I'm telling you all, old revival, old wells are becoming uncapped.
Old revival wells are coming uncapped.
You're about to see a new wave of the glory like we've never seen before.
It's here.
And I just keep saying it.
He said, 'It's not coming anymore, Brandon.
It's here.
Tap into it.
We're always pushing it down the road.
Oh, it's coming, it's coming, it's coming.
' As He corrected me right then, because I'm so used to saying, 'It's coming.
' And He said, 'No, you're at the point of no return.
You're there.
It's time to tap into this.
' You can feel it.
But isn't it interesting, because we have so much verbiage?
'Well, it's coming, it's coming.
It's one day, it's coming.
' I'm guilty of it.
I just did it.
He said, 'No, it's not coming.
It's here.
' Start saying, 'The revival is here.
' It's not coming; it's here.
The cleansing of the church is here.
The purifying of the church is here.
It's not coming.
A great shaking is here.
A great awakening is here.
That's what He just said.
Stop saying it's always coming, because it will always be coming, down the road.
No, say it's here.
We're living in it now.
It's happening.
We're here now.
It's time.
The great harvest.
We're at a place like we've never seen before now.
Glory to God.
Well, praise the Lord.
Well, we'll be back again tomorrow.
I want to pray again tomorrow.
I know it's late.
It's getting way late now, and we're burning the midnight oil, but here in Central America, but I just—I just am so thankful that every single one of you would show up tonight.
I know I came on late.
It might be late tomorrow.
We were wanting to go do something tomorrow night with our pastor, but I said, "Well, let's do more prayer tomorrow.
Maybe it won't be as late as this.
Hopefully, we'll get out and it'll probably be around the same time.
I'm just going to be real with you because usually it might be probably around the same time.
So, it's when we have time to do it.
So, I apologize to you all.
You all, the ones that are not night owls like us, you all go to bed like at 7 o'clock, 8 o'clock.
That's not us.
We stay up late and read, and it's quiet.
So, we're so thankful for every single one of you.
We're so grateful for every single one of you.
The people that love on us, and the super thanks, and all the things, y'all are so kind to us.
You know, I see the little things there.
Thank you.
Thank you for always being so loving to our family.
You are a huge blessing to us.
But we just want to always come on and give Jesus glory.
But man, there's that vein tonight.
I could feel it, Diana.
There's such a...
I feel it after he corrected me.
I just go, 'Ah, I wish I would have done that earlier.
' Tomorrow we'll hit it faster.
Say, 'Brandon, get out of it.
Stop praying from here.
Pray from here.
Go down deep, fast.
' I'm like, don't waste people's time, but you got to get yourself out of the way.
Just being real.
You got to get Brandon out of the way and it flows.
You go, 'Ah, it's just cultivation.
' So, we love every single one of you.
I know it's late, like I said.
God bless you all.
Thank you for joining us.
We'll be back tomorrow and we'll pray again.
And we'll try to get there faster.
It's like, 'Oh Lord, he's in control,' and it's like, 'Oh Lord, I'm sorry.
' So God bless you all.
If you could subscribe to this one...
yesterday, that was a stinky video.
You didn't like that.
Don't say I was like, 'That was no good.
' But this one, I felt better about this.
I felt the spirit of the Lord on this one.
So I said, 'Thank you, Lord.
Get Brandon out of the way.
Get Jesus in.
' But, subscribe, please.
If you're here and you've never been to one of our prayer meetings, we always want to ask you to subscribe because it helps us with the algorithm.
Click the notification, click the like button, do everything you can to help us.
And when that video is over and it posts again, comment something down below so it gets in the algorithm again, because this is live and it goes to a different thing.
So, God bless you all.
Did it bless y'all tonight?
Did you enjoy that?
Did you get something out of it?
Yep.
They're saying yes.
Praise the Lord.
Well, we're into October the 1st.
Yes.
Oh, welcome October.
My favorite month of the year.
It's fall.
Fall, y'all.
It's fall, y'all.
We're officially into real fall, y'all.
Isn't that wonderful?
I love fall.
Isn't fall wonderful?
I love the crisp mornings.
Yes.
Crisp nights.
It's so...
fall is beautiful.
The fall colors, everything's so beautiful.
Well, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you.
God bless you all and we'll see you again tomorrow.
Bye-bye.